- Ukyo Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Ukyo? 

 A : Well let's just say KarmaCharmeleon was convincing me to get into SamSho. I asked her "Who plays like
     Sagat?" as a joke, but she gave me an unexpected answer, and that was Ukyo. When I actually played
     him in SamSho V Special, she was not wrong. So, I decided to make him for that reason alone.


 Q : What's his playstyle like?

 A : Ukyo plays like his appearance in SSVSP, and has some elements taken from CvS2 Sagat.


 Q : How do you play Ukyo?

 A : Ukyo is a CvS Sagat type character with amazing range, amazing damage, but sluggish mobility, much like how SamSho
     characters usually behave. His hard slash is his go-to punish option and poke. It deals insane damage and has
     amazing range, however if blocked, he will be left open to punish for a while. His light punches for both standing
     and crouching are incredible pokes. They are +2 on block and +5 on hit, so they make for incredible pokes, and
     using cr.LK, which is +11 on hit, you can create actual combos, though his BnB combos are as short as you'd expect.
     His cr.MP is an amazing anti-air with range that covers an incredibly high vertical distance. 
     Utilize his normals to your advantage. They really do help. Don't use his specials much in neutral and use them
     mainly for punishing or for combo ending. Just to sum it up, know your neutral and normals and you'll be fine.
      .
 Q : How do you utilize the rage meter? Isn't that just K-Groove?

 A : Yes, and no. This meter is separate from the main meter. It increases each time Ukyo takes damage from any attacks
     that aren't throws. Once you reach the top, it slowly begins to decrease, like K-Groove. However, once you reach
     full Rage Meter, you can use a free level 1 super, but it takes away the entire rage meter, and you lose the one
     bar anyways if you have it. The real thing about the Rage Meter is that when you are in this flashing red state,
     press all 3 punch buttons, and you'll see that you end up activating Rage Explosion. Rage Explosion is a do-or-die
     situational install super. Once you do the super, the meter turns purple and begins to decrease from 100% once
     more. During Rage Explosion, you gain a 25% attack buff and 25% defense buff. You can do a free level 1 super,
     but it takes half of the meter. You can perform his Issen, but it takes all the rage meter, but in return it does
     a whopping 75% damage, or 750 health. Unfortunately, once the meter empties out, he cannot use Rage meter or use
     his normal meter for the rest of the match. Yes, not round, match. That's the main reason why he becomes so
     powerful during Rage Exploson. Utilize this rage meter by not trying to pop off so quickly after filling it
     up 100%, and always keep a close eye on it throughout the match, as a huge life defecit in the opponent's favor
     can be easily taken away if Ukyo plays his cards right.


  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LK xx cr.LK xx cr.LP xx Hard Slash Combo

 a.HP, s.HP

 cr.LK xx cr.LP xx EX.Hard Slash Combo, s.MP xx HK.Lunging Stab

 cr.LK xx s.LP xx Sabre Slash Combo 

 Close s.MP, cr.LK xx cr.LP xx Snowfall Slash


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, repeat (s.HP), Sabre Slash Combo

 Install, repeat (s.HP xx HP.Hard Slash Combo), Sabre Slash Combo


 = CREDITS =

  KGenuro - SFF

  KarmaCharizard & Trololo - Feedback